Once upon a time there was a marshmallow named Puff. Puff's hometown, named Gobbeville, was full of sweet and sugary treats, all except for chocolate. 
No, chocolate could not even be mentioned in Gobbeville. There has been a long lasting fued with chocolate, every since the time of Puff's grandparents. 
This marshmallow was sweet and gentle, but Puff could always get you into a sticky situation. Because of this, many people in Puff's hometown look down 
upon him. They said he was too "artificial" and never gave him a chance to prove himself. Well Puff was going to change all of that today. He had grown 
sick and tired of the way that his peers had chewed him out, so he decided to prove them all wrong in the most glorious way: reuniting chocolate with the 
sugary treats in Gobbeville. This journey would not be easy, but Puff knew this would prove to everyone that Puff is the real deal.

Puff knew exactly where to start. He would travel to the outskirts of Gobbeville, where sugary treats rarely ventured. Puff had heard rumors of a guru who
was able to unite marshmallows and chocolate, a wise being from long before the old feud - the Graham Cracker. If Puff would be able to convince the Graham
Cracker to help him unite marshmallows and chocolate, he would finally have hope of getting the recognition and validation he craved so much from his peers.
He began his journey right away. Puff crossed the Sea of Soda, and traversed over the M&M Mountains (which were round, so they were more like hills than
mountains). Finally, he reached a brown hut. This had to be the place. "O Graham Cracker, give me your wisdom!" Puff called out. Suddenly, the hut transformed,
and Puff soon realized the hut was not a hut, but a giant graham cracker folded on its side. With an ancient crumbly voice, graham cracker spoke.

"I know what you seek, young Puff. The only way to accomplish this is by travelling to the volano at Mount Roasty." The graham cracker explained. From behind the cracker, a chocolate bar emerged. Puff was shocked. "Here is a treat that feels the same way you do, are you willing to do anything to save the world?" Puff nodded, and they headed out on their trip. By the time they reached the top of Mount Roasty, the people of Gobbeville and all the citizens of chocolate were about to battle, surrounding Puff, the graham cracker, and Puff's new chocolate friend. Graham Cracker spoke to Puff and the chocolate, "To end this feud, you two must embrace in front of your feuding families." Puff and the chocolate engaged in a sugary hug, and graham cracker embraced them as well. Then, graham cracker leaned backwards and the three of them fell deep into the volcano, never to be seen again. Their families cried out for justice, till they caught a scent of something delicious, and realized they were better off together than apart. 

After that day, chocolates and marshmellows taught eachother their ways and their ideologies. It wasn't easy at times, but they ended up getting along. Soon, marshmellow flavored chocolate and chocolate flavored marshmellows started roaming the street as if their ancestors had been doing for generations and generations. All thanks to three brave souls.
